
# Attendance

- Laurence Freeman

- Alberto Pezzota

- Joaquin Rapela

# Conclusions

+ the division of labour was excellent
+ the integration meetings worked great
+ we opened a place for interactions between the GCNU and the SWC
- it would have been better to have more coordination between lecturers
+ cross checking was super helpful

+ repo worked great (much better than Slack)

+ students were super motivated
- an exam could have helped to keep the more motivated (or maybe not, since some students are scared of exams)

- we don't know how much students learned, or if the summer school was helpful to them. This is an important failure, since it is always important to have a measure of quality of your work. An exam could have helped us to see how much students learned. We also discussed the possibility of using more interactive lectures to asses the progress of students.

+/- we were not sure how good was the material of the course. Maybe, instead of providing a full course on probability in 10 lectures, we could have provided only a few important topics in probability in more depth, as Maneesh suggested.

+ it was very good that two SWC incoming students were in the course

- the human side of our treatment of students could have been better. We could have meet all the instructors in the first day to give students a warm welcome, we could have given them tours around the Unit and the SWC, we could have taken them for walks around London, etc.

+ we discussed the proposal of creating a channel for future communications. For example, using this channel students could ask us questions in the future about mathematical or career issues.

- we did not receive as much support from Gatsby Unit faculty as we initially expected. For some of us, this was an important motivation to participate in this summer school.

- we missed the opportunity to bring TAs from the SWC. It was a great opportunity to increase interactions between the Unit and the SWC.

. we talked about considering different learning styles of students. Some of them prefer a less mathematical description of things and get disengaged by mathematical proofs. Maybe we could consider focusing less on proofs (I cannot believe that I am writing this :( ).

