# Attendance

- Alberto

- Mohi

- James

- Laurence

- Cameron

- Joaquin

# Next meeting and steps

Next Friday May 26, from noon to 1pm, Cameron, George and I will talk for five minutes about our lectures and get feedback from all of us.

At this point we want to focus in preparing our lecture notes and exercises and push them to the repo for comments.

# Pairing between us

We also want to pair with others, to get feedback on our lectures and notes. I propose that we pair based on the relation between our lectures:

Alberto-Joaquin (introduction-fundamentals)
Cameron-James (discrete-continuous RVs)
Laurence-Mohi (joint rvs-vectors of rvs)
Cameron-George (transformation of rvs-limit theorems)
Mohi-Joaquin (multivariate Gaussian-inference)

# Discussing our expertise on neuroscience or machine learning

Last Friday Cameron told me briefly about his plans for the transformation of random variables lecture. He proposed to mention applications of these transformation to topics in machine learning, like normalizing flows. It is a great idea. We can make a unique summer schools if, besides providing the essential material, we touch of exiting application of them in neuroscience and machine learning.

# Reordered the lecture schedule

I reordered the lectures, because George needs to deliver his lecture before July 19. Please let me know if you have any problem with the new schedule.

# Lectures on GitHub

I added Mohi's lectures to the repo under probability/lectures https://github.com/joacorapela/gcnuBridging2023/tree/master/probability/lectures. Mohi could you please push your latex source?

# Statistics and their distributions (e.g., sample mean)

I find it important that we cover this topic. My suggested plan was that Laurence introduces the concept of a statistic, their distributions, and the use of simulations to approximate these distributions (Section 5.3 of Devore 2010). Then he focuses on the sample mean statistic, mentions the central limit theorem (that George will prove), and discusses the special case of the mean of a sample of 1D Gaussians.

Mohi will prove the distribution of a sample mean of Gaussian random vectors.
